- ♪ TIMMY IS AN AVERAGE KID ♪
♪ THAT NO ONE UNDERSTANDS ♪
♪ MOM AND DAD AND VICKY
ALWAYS GIVING HIM COMMANDS ♪
- BED, TWERP!
- ♪ THE DOOM AND GLOOM
UP IN HIS ROOM ♪
♪ IS BROKEN INSTANTLY ♪
♪ BY HIS MAGIC LITTLE FISH
WHO GRANT HIS EVERY WISH ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IN REALITY ♪
♪ THEY ARE HIS ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
- WANDS AND WINGS.
- FLOAT-Y CROWN-Y THINGS.
- ♪ ODDPARENTS,
FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ REALLY MOD, PEA POD,
BUFF BOD, HOT ROD ♪
- OBTUSE, RUBBER GOOSE,
GREEN MOOSE, GUAVA JUICE,
GIANT SNAKE, BIRTHDAY CAKE,
LARGE FRIES, CHOCOLATE SHAKE!
- ♪ ODDPARENTS,
FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ IT FLIPS YOUR LID
WHEN YOU ARE THE KID ♪
♪ WITH FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
- YEAH, RIGHT.
[drumroll]
male announcer:
IT'S TIME TO PLAY
ARE YOU BRIGHTER
THAN A 6TH GRADER?
AND NOW, HERE'S YOUR HOST,
WINK WINKYDINK.
- HELLO, AMERICA.
LET'S TAKE ATTENDANCE
AND SEE IF TONIGHT'S CONTESTANT
IS IN CLASS.
MR. TIMMY'S DAD?
- HERE, MR. TINKERBLINK.
- GUYS, I'M REALLY WORRIED.
- WHY?
THE WHOLE COUNTRY IS WATCHING,
AND NOW EVERYONE WILL SEE
EXACTLY HOW SMART
YOUR FATHER REALLY IS.
- THAT'S WHAT I'M WORRIED ABOUT.
- HERE'S YOUR FIRST QUESTION,
MR. TIMMY'S DAD:
WHO WAS THE FIRST PRESIDENT
OF THE UNITED STATES?
- SEA CUCUMBER.
- WOW. THAT COULDN'T HAVE BEEN
ANY MORE WRONG.
- WHO WAS THE FIRST MAN
ON THE MOON?
- SEA CUCUMBER.
- WOW, SUPER WRONG AGAIN.
THIRD QUESTION: WHAT KIND
OF CUCUMBER LIVES IN THE SEA?
- NEIL ARMSTRONG.
- OH, I'M SORRY,
MR. TIMMY'S DAD.
IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU'VE MISSED EVERY QUESTION.
YOU'RE NOT BRIGHTER
THAN A SIXTH GRADER AT ALL.
[laughter]
- EEH...EEH...EH.
- LOOK ON THE BRIGHT SIDE, DEAR.
AT LEAST YOU GOT
A LIFETIME SUPPLY OF MACARONI.
- DAD, I HAVE A QUESTION.
- SEA CUCUMBER.
- NO, DAD, MY QUESTION IS,
HOW COME YOU'RE NOT AS BRIGHT
AS A SIXTH GRADER?
- BECAUSE I DROPPED OUT
OF SCHOOL IN THE FIFTH GRADE.
- YOU CAN DO THAT?
- TIMMY, I WAS YOUNG AND NAIVE.
I THOUGHT I WAS TOO COOL
FOR SCHOOL.
- WHY'D YOU THINK THAT?
- PEOPLE TOLD ME.
[bell rings]
- WOW, TURNER,
YOU'RE TOO COOL FOR SCHOOL.
- I AM?
[peppy instrumental music]
♪ ♪
I AM.
- WOW, TRASH CAN,
YOU'RE TOO COOL FOR SCHOOL.
- SINCE MELVIN WAS A GENIUS,
I KNEW I HAD TO HEED HIS WORDS.
- SO WHAT YOU'RE SAYING IS,
I CAN JUST STOP GOING TO SCHOOL?
- DEFINITELY NOT, YOUNG MAN.
HONEY, YOU MAY BE A GREAT
HUSBAND AND MACARONI PROVIDER,
BUT YOU HAVE TO SET AN EXAMPLE
FOR YOUR SON.
YOU KNOW WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO,
RIGHT?
- SEA CUCUMBER?
- NO. FIRST THING TOMORROW,
YOU'RE GOING BACK
TO FINISH SCHOOL.
[bell rings]
- I GOTTA SAY, GUYS,
I MAY HATE SCHOOL...
- BUT...
- NO, THAT WAS IT.
- I THOUGHT YOU WERE GOING
TO SAY SOMETHING ABOUT
HOW PROUD YOU ARE
THAT YOUR DAD'S
GOING BACK
TO FINISH HIS EDUCATION.
- YEAH, I SUPPOSE I AM
KINDA PROUD OF MY DAD
FOR GOING BACK TO SCHOOL.
- OH, I'M GLAD TO HEAR YOU
TELL YOUR PENCILS THAT, SON.
- DAD?
YOU'RE IN MY CLASS?
- WELL, THIS IS THE GRADE
I WAS IN WHEN I DROPPED OUT,
SO THIS IS WHERE
I'M STARTING AGAIN.
[grunts]
IT'S LIKE I NEVER LEFT.
- I'M PROUD OF YOU, DAD.
- THANKS, TIMMY.
THAT MEANS MORE TO ME
THAN ANYTHING.
- HOORAY!
ANOTHER TURNER I CAN HUMILIATE.
GOOD THING I USED
MOTHER'S MEDICINE MONEY
TO DEVELOP MY DUAL "F" BLASTER.
- GEH!
- GAH!
- NICE TRY, MR. CROCKER,
BUT I'M GOING TO FINISH SCHOOL
AND MAKE MY SON PROUD,
EVEN IF IT KILLS HIM.
WALK IT OFF, SON.
OH, HERE,
RUB SOME MACARONI ON IT.
- UGH!
- AND HERE'S SOME FOR YOU,
MR. CROCKER.
- MACARONI, FOR ME?
NO ONE'S EVER GIVEN ME ANYTHING
THAT DIDN'T REQUIRE AN ANTIDOTE.
THANKS, TURNER.
- HEY, I'M TURNER.
- NOT ANYMORE.
FROM NOW ON, YOU'RE BECKY.
THE NAME TURNER BELONGS
TO MY NEW FAVORITE STUDENT:
TIMMY'S DAD.
[bell rings]
- AND THAT'S WHY GREEN EGGS
GO WELL WITH HAM.
- THOUGHT-PROVOKING
WITH A TOUCH OF PATHOS.
"A"!
- SO IN CONCLUSION,
GRANDFATHER CLOCKS ARE NOT MADE
OUT OF REAL GRANDFATHERS.
- I WISH I'D KNOWN THAT
A YEAR AGO.
TICK TOCK. TICKTOCK,
TICK...EHH...TOCK.
- AND SO YOU CAN SEE,
STICKS AND STONES
MAY BREAK YOUR BONES,
BUT NAMES LEAVE PSYCHOLOGICAL
WOUNDS THAT NEVER HEAL.
[cheers]
- MY DAD MAY BE THE
MOST POPULAR STUDENT IN CLASS,
BUT AT LEAST
I STILL HAVE MY FRIENDS.
- I CAN WATCH TV
WHENEVER I WANT.
I DON'T HAVE A BEDTIME,
AND I CAN DRIVE.
- BECKY,
YOUR DAD GAVE US MACARONI
AND TOLD US HOW NEAT IT IS
TO BE A GROWN-UP.
- HE IS TOO COOL FOR SCHOOL.
- YOU KNOW WHAT GOES GREAT
WITH MACARONI?
ICE CREAM, MY TREAT.
- OOOH, SORRY, BECKY,
LOOKS LIKE WE'RE OUT OF ROOM.
WHY DON'T YOU WALK THROUGH
RATTLESNAKE CANYON
AND MEET US THERE?
- WOW, TURNER,
YOU'RE STILL TOO COOL
FOR SCHOOL.
- I AM?
I AM!
[tires squealing]
- [coughing]
OH, NO.
MY DAD'S NOT FALLING
FOR THAT OLD LINE AGAIN, IS HE?
[peppy instrumental music]
♪ ♪
[both screaming]
[all screaming]
- TURNER.
TURNER?
- SKIPPING SCHOOL
WITH TIMMY'S HOODLUM FATHER
SURE IS COOL.
- YEAH, MELVIN
THE GENIUS JANITOR WAS RIGHT.
- HEY,
YOU KIDS SHOULD BE IN SCHOOL.
- GAH!
IT'S THE FUZZ.
BEAT IT.
[peppy instrumental music]
♪ ♪
- HONEY,
YOU SHOULD BE IN SCHOOL,
AND YOU JUST TOILET-PAPERED
YOUR OWN HOUSE.
- GAH!
CRAZY OLD MRS. TURNER SAW US.
RUN.
- TIMMY,
MR. CROCKER CALLED.
YOUR DAD IS FLUNKING OUT
OF SCHOOL,
AND WE'RE OUT OF TOILET PAPER.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT WE'RE GONNA DO.
EITHER I HAVE TO GET A JOB
OR YOU HAVE TO GET A JOB,
WHICH MEANS YOU HAVE TO
GET A JOB.
TOILET PAPER ISN'T CHEAP,
YOU KNOW.
- CRAZY OLD MRS. TURNER
HAS A POINT.
- GUYS,
I DON'T WANT TO GET A JOB.
WORKING IS THE ONLY THING
WORSE THAN LEARNING.
I GOTTA FIND A WAY
TO GET MY DAD BACK IN SCHOOL.
- FORGET IT, BECKY.
YOUR FATHER WAS MY STAR STUDENT
UNTIL HE STOPPED COMING TO CLASS
AND BROKE MY HEART.
- I'M REALLY SORRY, MR. CROCKER,
BUT THERE'S GOTTA BE SOME WAY
MY DAD COULD STILL PASS
THE FIFTH GRADE.
- WELL, THERE IS ONE WAY.
HE COULD TAKE
THE BIG SUPER TEST...
BUT NO ONE'S
EVER SURVIVED THAT.
BESIDES, I'D HAVE TO OKAY IT,
AND I DON'T SEE WHY I SHOULD.
- I'LL GIVE YOU DAD'S
LIFETIME SUPPLY OF MACARONI.
- I'M NO MATH WHIZ,
BUT THAT WOULD LAST...
A LIFETIME.
ONE BIG SUPER TEST COMING UP.
- A BIG SUPER TEST?
THAT'S FOR NERDS.
[peppy instrumental music]
- WHY IS THERE A JUKEBOX
IN MY KITCHEN?
- DAD, LISTEN TO ME.
YOU WENT BACK TO SCHOOL
TO FINISH YOUR EDUCATION
AND MAKE ME PROUD.
- EH, EDUCATION'S FOR DWEEBS.
COME ON, GUYS.
LET'S GO BURN SOME RUBBER
ON CRAZY OLD MRS. TURNER'S LAWN.
- I'M RIGHT HERE.
[tires squealing]
- DAD, DON'T YOU SEE?
YOU'RE MAKING THE SAME MISTAKE
IN SCHOOL AGAIN.
YOU SAY YOU WANT
TO MAKE ME PROUD,
BUT BY THE WAY
YOU'RE BEHAVING,
I'M NOT PROUD OF YOU AT ALL.
- YOU'RE...NOT...PROUD OF ME?
[sobbing]
OH, BECKY, YOU'RE RIGHT.
WHAT AM I DOING?
I DO WANT TO FINISH SCHOOL
AND MAKE YOU PROUD,
BUT THERE'S NO WAY I COULD PASS
THE BIG SUPER TEST NOW.
- SURE THERE IS.
YOU ONLY NEED A C-MINUS PASS.
I'M SURE WE CAN DO IT.
[sobbing and snorting]
WE?
[dramatic instrumental music]
♪ ♪
TRAPEZOID, RHOMBUS,
PARALLELOGRAM...
[grunting]
ARGON, MANGANESE.
- [grunting]
- ARGH! ARGH! ARGH!
- AH-AHH-AHH-AHH-AHH.
LUXEMBOURG...
SWAZILAND.
[grunting]
both: YEAH! WHOO-HOO!
- SHH.
male announcer: IT'S TIME
FOR THE BIG SUPER TEST.
PLEASE WELCOME YOUR HOST,
WINK WINKYDINK.
- HELLO.
I'M WINK I'LL-HOST-ANYTHING-
FOR-A-BUCK WINKYDINK.
NOW LET'S MEET OUR CONTESTANT--
I MEAN STUDENT:
MR. TIMMY'S DAD.
[cheers]
TODAY WE'RE PLAYING TO SEE
IF MR. TIMMY'S DAD
IS SMART ENOUGH
TO COME BACK TO SCHOOL
AND FINISH THE FIFTH GRADE.
FIRST QUESTION: WHAT WAS THE
LAST STATE TO JOIN THE UNION?
[buzzer buzzing]
- HAWAII.
- VERY GOOD.
NOW,
WHAT'S THE SQUARE ROOT OF 49?
- SEVEN.
- EXCELLENT.
NEXT QUESTION--
- LAKE ERIE.
- HEY, THAT'S RIGHT.
- 165, ABRAHAM LINCOLN,
THE LOUISIANA PURCHASE,
BELGIAN WAFFLES.
- WOW, YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU'RE RIGHT. YOU'RE RIGHT.
- NAPOLEON BONAPARTE,
ANIMAL FARM, 3.14, JUPITER,
AND THE DISH RAN AWAY
WITH THE SPOON.
- HEY, THOSE QUESTIONS
AREN'T EVEN ON THE TEST.
WELL DONE.
I TAUGHT HIM
EVERYTHING HE KNOWS.
TIMMY'S DAD,
YOU'VE DONE SO WELL,
YOU'VE ACTUALLY PASSED
THE FIFTH GRADE...
AND THE SIXTH AND THE SEVENTH,
EIGHTH, NINTH.
LET'S PUT IT THIS WAY:
IF YOU ANSWER
THIS LAST QUESTION CORRECTLY,
YOU'LL WIN
YOUR HIGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA.
- EEEEH!
- AND I'LL EVEN THROW IN ANOTHER
LIFETIME SUPPLY OF MACARONI.
- COME ON, TIMMY'S DAD!
- OKAY, HERE IT IS:
THE FINAL QUESTION.
WHAT UNDERSEA VEGETABLE
WOULD TASTE GREAT
IN AN UNDERSEA SALAD?
[timer ticking]
[teeth chattering]
[squeaking]
- HMM...ARRRGH...
GRRR.
- COME ON, DAD, THINK.
YOU KNOW THIS.
- UHH...UHH...
[gasps]
OOOH!
[buzzer buzzing]
SEA CUCUMBER!
- YES, THAT'S CORRECT.
[cheers and applause]
CONGRATULATIONS, TIMMY'S DAD.
YOU'VE FINISHED EVERY GRADE
OF SCHOOL AND HAVE GRADUATED.
- CONGRATULATIONS, DAD.
I'M SO PROUD OF YOU.
YOU DID IT.
- NO, WE DID IT.
I COULDN'T HAVE DONE IT
WITHOUT YOU, SON.
NOW LET'S GO CELEBRATE.
[laughter]
AH!
IT'S CRAZY OLD MRS. TURNER.
RUN.
- YOU GUYS ARE TOO COOL
FOR SCHOOL.
- OH, SHUT IT, MELVIN.
all: ARGH! AUUGH! AHHH!
- WELCOME TO THE VON STRANGLE
FAMILY BAKERY, TIMMY,
WHERE EVERYTHING
IS MAGICALLY DELICIOUS.
YOU CAN EVEN EAT THE WALLS.
- NO, YOU CAN'T, COSMO.
- OH, THEN YOU BETTER TAKE ME
TO THE HOSPITAL.
AHHHH.
- JORGEN, YOU WORK HERE?
- THAT IS RIGHT, TURNER.
YOU SEE, IN ADDITION TO BEING
SUPREME GUARDIAN OF FAIRY WORLD,
I AM ALSO A MINIMUM WAGE STOOGE
AT MY GRANDMOTHER'S BAKERY.
- BOOM! BOOM!
- HARD TO BELIEVE
WE ARE RELATED, HUH?
NANA BOOM BOOM,
THESE ARE MY FRIENDS...
AND TIMMY TURNER.
- YOU WANT TO KICKBOX
FOR A STRUDEL?
- UH, NO, THANKS,
BUT THOSE BROWNIES LOOK GOOD.
DON'T MIND IF I DO.
- HANDS OFF.
- AGH! OHH! UGH!
- THOSE ARE MY AWARD-WINNING
EXTREME FAIRY-CHERRY BROWNIES.
THEY ARE NOT FOR THE CUSTOMERS.
- NANA MADE THEM FOR TOMORROW'S
BIG ANNUAL BAKE-OFF
BETWEEN THE FAIRIES
AND THE ANTI-FAIRIES.
AND BY THE WAY,
THAT IS AN EXPLODING PIE.
[loud explosion]
- POOF-POOF.
MORE.
GOOD.
MOOOORE.
- POOF, YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED
TO EAT THOSE.
- OH, COME ON,
THEY CAN'T BE THAT GOOD.
- MOOORE.
GOOD.
MOOOORE.
- AH, HA-HA-HA.
- WE HAVE A BROWNIE BREACH.
- AHH, AH, HA-HA.
AHH-HA-HA.
- AHH, IT IS ANTI-COSMO IN
A CLEVER GIANT CUPCAKE DISGUISE.
- CUPCAKE?
IGNORAMUS,
I'M A GIANT FROSTED SCONE.
AHHHH!
- THAT WAS CLOSE.
IF THAT FIEND HAD ESCAPED
WITH THE BROWNIE,
HE COULD HAVE DECIPHERED
THE RECIPE,
A RECIPE THAT IS KEPT IN
A SECRET VAULT IN THE BASEMENT,
WHICH I GUESS
IS NO LONGER A SECRET,
SINCE I JUST TOLD YOU ABOUT IT.
- DUM-DUM.
- POOF,
THAT WAS THE LAST BROWNIE.
NOW WE'LL HAVE TO MAKE ANOTHER
BATCH FOR THE BAKE-OFF TOMORROW.
[burps]
- I'M GONNA GET POOF
TO A BROWNIE-FREE ZONE.
COSMO, TIMMY, DON'T DO
ANYTHING STUPID WHILE I'M GONE.
- WHY DOES SHE ALWAYS SAY THAT
TO US?
- I DON'T KNOW.
NOW LET'S DO SOMETHING STUPID.
POOF ME UP ANOTHER ONE
OF THOSE BROWNIES
I'M NOT SUPPOSED TO HAVE.
- SORRY, TIMMY,
THEY'RE MAGIC BROWNIES.
I CAN ONLY POOF THEM UP
BY USING THE SECRET RECIPE.
- THEN TAKE ME DOWN
TO THAT BASEMENT VAULT,
SO I CAN GET THE RECIPE.
- THAT SOUNDS PERFECTLY STUPID.
GETTING THAT BROWNIE RECIPE'S
GONNA BE A PIECE OF CAKE.
WAIT A MINUTE.
THAT MEANS GETTING A CAKE RECIPE
WOULD BE A PIECE OF BROWNIE.
HOLD ME, TIMMY,
I'M FREAKING MYSELF OUT.
- RETINAL SCAN FAILED.
YOU ARE NOT NANA BOOM BOOM.
PREPARE TO BE ANNIHILATED.
- AHHH!
COSMO, YOU NEED TO MAKE ME LOOK
LIKE NANA BOOM BOOM.
- RETINAL SCAN MATCH.
NANA BOOM BOOM IDENTIFIED.
PREPARE FOR
BROWNIE-TO-BRAIN DOWNLOAD.
AHHHH!
- TIMMY, ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH, I'M FINE...
2 CUPS OF FAIRY FLOUR,
4 GOLDEN GOOSE EGGS,
A DASH OF TROLL DANDRUFF.
WHOA, THE RECIPE GOT ZAPPED
INTO MY HEAD.
- IT LOOKS AS THOUGH
TIMMY TURNER
HAS WHAT WE CAME FOR,
AND YOU MOCKED ME
FOR BUYING X-RAY GLASSES
FROM THE BACK OF A COMIC BOOK.
- WHY DO WE NEED
THEM BROWNIES ANYWAY?
WE CAN WIN THAT BAKE-OFF
WITH MY ROADKILL CRITTER CAKE.
- NO OFFENSE, DEAR,
BUT NO ONE WANTS A DESSERT
THAT HUNTS MICE IN A SEWER.
WE NEED THAT BROWNIE RECIPE.
- BROWNIE, BROWNIE,
BROWNIE, BROWNIE.
- NO, I DON'T HAVE ANY BROWNIES.
HOW ABOUT A NICE FLAVOR-FREE
TEETHING BISCUIT INSTEAD?
- MORE BROWNIE.
[growling]
BROWNIE.
- WHERE HAVE YOU TWO BEEN?
- BROWNIES.
- WELL,
WE WEREN'T IN THE BAKERY VAULT
STEALING
THE SUPER-SECRET BROWNIE RECIPE,
IF THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE IMPLYING.
- YOU STOLE THE RECIPE?
- MORE.
- IT'S JUST A RECIPE
FOR A STUPID BAKE-OFF.
IT'S NOT THE END OF THE WORLD.
- YES, IT IS.
TIMMY, THOUSANDS OF YEARS AGO,
THERE WAS AN EPIC BATTLE
BETWEEN THE FAIRIES
AND THE ANTI-FAIRIES
TO DETERMINE WHO GOT TO HAVE
FAIRY GODCHILDREN.
AFTER YEARS OF HORRIBLE WAR,
WE DECIDED TO SETTLE THINGS
THE ONLY LOGICAL WAY...
- WITH AN ANNUAL BAKE-OFF.
- NANA BOOM BOOM'S BROWNIES
WIN EVERY YEAR,
BUT IF THE ANTI-FAIRIES
GET THAT RECIPE,
THEY'LL WIN THE BAKE-OFF
AND INHERIT ALL THE GOD KIDS,
INCLUDING YOU, SPORT.
YOU'RE IN TERRIBLE DANGER
UNTIL YOU RETURN THAT RECIPE
TO THE VAULT.
- BROWNIES.
- YEAH,
THERE'S A PROBLEM WITH THAT.
I ACCIDENTALLY DOWNLOADED IT
INTO MY HEAD.
- HI, TONY.
WE'VE COME TO SUCK OUT
THE CONTENTS OF YOUR BRAIN...
I MEAN VACUUM YOUR ROOM.
- WE'RE NOT EVIL IMPOSTERS.
- THAT'S THE LAST TIME
I ORDER MOM-AND-DAD COSTUMES
FROM THE BACK OF A COMIC BOOK.
NOW, HOLD STILL,
WHILE I PAINFULLY SUCK
THE RECIPE...AND YOUR BRAIN..
OUT OF YOUR EAR CANAL.
- DON'T WORRY, TIMMY,
WE'LL SAVE YOU.
TIMMY, SAVE US.
- AHHHHH!
- THANKS, JORGEN.
- DON'T MENTION IT.
NOW, HOLD STILL,
WHILE I REMOVE YOUR HEAD.
- AHHHHH!
- THERE MUST BE
A LESS VIOLENT WAY TO GET
THE FAIRY-CHERRY BROWNIE RECIPE
OUT OF TIMMY'S BRAIN.
- THE FAIRY-CHERRY
BROWNIE RECIPE IS IN HIS BRAIN?
TURNER, IF YOU HAVE THE RECIPE,
WE MUST GET YOU TO A SAFE HOUSE.
- COOL SAFE HOUSE.
- THANKS, I ORDERED IT
FROM THE BACK OF A COMIC BOOK.
IT IS COMPLETELY MAGIC-PROOF.
NO ONE CAN POOF IN OR OUT.
TURNER,
WE MUST KEEP YOU HERE
UNTIL THE FAIRIES
WIN THE BAKE-OFF.
- THIS WHOLE THING IS CRAZY.
WHY WOULD YOU DECIDE THE FATE OF
FAIRY GOD KIDS WITH A BAKE-OFF?
- WELL, WE TRIED TIDDLYWINKS,
BUT IT WAS TOO PAINFUL.
both: MY EYE!
- ANYWAY, THE BAKE-OFF WORKED
OUT GREAT FOR FAIRY WORLD.
NOTHING IS AS DELICIOUS
AS NANA'S BROWNIES.
- WELL, NOTHING EXCEPT
MY BREAD-FREE TOAST.
I LOVE THE BREAD-FREE TASTE.
- ANYWAY, TOODLES,
AND DON'T DO ANYTHING STUPID.
- WHY IS EVERYONE LOOKING AT ME?
WHO WANTS MEAT-FREE MEATBALLS?
[door clanging]
- OPEN UP.
- THAT WAS QUICK, JORGEN.
- I AM NOT JORGEN.
- ARRGGH.
- AHHHH!
[all screaming]
- AH-HA-HA-HA-HA!
- AHHH!
OHHHHHHHHHHHH!
[both cackling]
- WE'RE IN TROUBLE.
THE ANTI-FAIRIES GOT TIMMY,
WHICH MEANS THEY HAVE
THE RECIPE.
- RELAX, GUYS.
I FINALLY DID SOMETHING
NOT STUPID.
I HAD A FEELING THE ANTI-FAIRIES
MIGHT TRACK US DOWN,
SO I GOT COSMO TO DO
THE OLD SWITCHEROO.
- WAIT A MINUTE.
IF YOU'RE HERE, THEN
THE ANTI-FAIRIES HAVE COSMO.
[thunder booming]
- HAVE YOU FOUND ANYTHING
IN HIS BRAIN YET?
- I HAVEN'T EVEN FOUND
HIS BRAIN.
- I'D LOOK A LITTLE LOWER.
- FOUND IT,
AND I THINK I GOT SOMETHIN'.
IT'S A RECIPE,
A-HOO.
- THE BROWNIES, YES.
PRINT THE RECIPE
AND START BAKING.
- ADD 4 GOLDEN GOOSE EGGS
AND A DASH OF TROLL DANDRUFF.
- HURRY, NANA.
THE BAKE-OFF IS ABOUT TO BEGIN.
AND SOMEBODY GET THIS POOR TROLL
SOME MEDICATED SHAMPOO.
- THIS IS FAIRY HART
FOR THE FAIRY CHANNEL.
I'M LIVE AT THE 90-THOUSANDTH
ANNUAL MAGICAL BAKE-OFF,
WHICH WILL DECIDE THE FATE
OF FAIRY GODCHILDREN EVERYWHERE.
[timer ticking]
[timer dings]
- WE'RE GOING TO MAKE IT.
- MOOORE.
- WE ARE NOT GOING TO MAKE IT.
WANDA,
DON'T YOU EVER FEED THAT KID?
NANA BOOM BOOM, QUICK,
MAKE ANOTHER BATCH.
- OUR BAKE-OFF JUDGE,
MOTHER NATURE, HAS JUST ARRIVED.
[cheers and applause]
- WELCOME, MOTHER NATURE.
IT'S A BEAUTIFUL DAY.
- [laughs]
THANK YOU, I MADE IT MYSELF.
- WITH THE ANTI-FAIRIES
HAVING SUBMITTED THEIR ENTRY,
WE'RE STILL WAITING
FOR NANA BOOM BOOM VON STRANGLE
TO ARRIVE
WITH THE FAIRIES' DESSERT.
- THIS IS IT, DEAR.
AS SOON AS MOTHER NATURE
TASTES TIMMY'S BROWNIES,
EVERY FAIRY GODCHILD
WILL BE OURS.
[timer ticking]
[timer dings]
- THE BROWNIES ARE DONE.
NOW LET'S GET TO THAT BAKE-OFF.
- TIME IS ALMOST UP
FOR THE FAIRIES.
IT LOOKS LIKE THEY'RE GOING
TO BE DISQUALIFIED.
- BOOM! BOOM!
- I STAND CORRECTED.
NANA BOOM BOOM HAS ARRIVED
WITH HER ENTRY.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
THE JUDGING IS ABOUT TO BEGIN.
- THERE'S NOTHING HERE.
IT'S NOT NICE
TO FOOL MOTHER NATURE.
both: AHHHH!
- WHAT HAVE YOU DONE, WOMAN?
THERE'S NOTHING ON THAT PLATE.
- DON'T BLAME ME.
I FOLLOWED THAT RECIPE EXACTLY,
A-HOO.
- YEAH, IT'S MY RECIPE
FOR BREAD-FREE TOAST:
0 CUPS FLOUR, 0 CUPS WATER,
0 MINUTES IN OVEN.
[all gasping]
- AHHHH.
AHHH-AHH-AHHHHHH.
MOOOORE.
RAAAH.
[together]
WAIT!
- OOH.
MORE...GOOD...MORE.
[thunder booming]
all: AHHH!
- [cackling]
UH, I MEAN,
I DECLARE THE WINNERS
OF THIS YEAR'S BAKE-OFF
TO BE...THE FAIRIES.
[cheers and applause]
[fireworks exploding]
- BTHHHBT!
- GOOD WORK, TURNER.
THANKS TO YOUR QUICK THINKING
AND COSMO'S EMPTY BRAIN,
VICTORY IS OURS.
EVEN THOUGH YOU SELFISHLY BROKE
INTO MY VAULT
AND STOLE MY RECIPE,
YOU DESERVE A REWARD.
HERE, HAVE SOME PIE.
- AWESOME,
YOUR PIE IS THE BOMB.
[loud explosion]
- BOOM! BOOM!
Captioning by Joe at CaptionMax
www.captionmax.com